test: basic fuzzing (#407)
maciejhirsz/logos: book/src/contributing/fuzzing.md

# Fuzzing

> **Logos**' has a fuzzing crate powered by [afl.rs](https://github.com/rust-fuzz/afl.rs) that

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Fuzzing is a technique to test a piece of software by injecting randomly generated inputs. This can be pretty useful to discover bugs, as pointed out in [#407](https://github.com/maciejhirsz/logos/pull/407).

**Logos**' fuzzing crate is powered by [afl.rs](https://github.com/rust-fuzz/afl.rs) that
```

> finds panics in Logos' methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
finds panics in **Logos**' methods.
```

> ## Usage
> 
> Make sure you have `cargo-afl` installed. [See the rust-fuzz afl setup guide for installation information](https://rust-fuzz.github.io/book/afl/setup.html).
> 
> All of these commands assume your current directory is in the `fuzz` folder.
> 
> To build the fuzz target, run `cargo afl build`.
> 
> To start the fuzzer in the `fuzz` folder, run:
> 
> ```sh
> cargo afl fuzz -i in -o out ../target/debug/logos-fuzz
> ```
> 
> To replay any crashes, run:
> 
> ```sh
> cargo afl run logos-fuzz < out/default/crashes/crash_file
> ```
> 
> If you find a meaningful crash with a vague error message, send a PR to
> help improve the developer experience of Logos.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Usage

First, make sure you have `cargo-afl` installed,
[see the rust-fuzz afl setup guide for installation information](https://rust-fuzz.github.io/book/afl/setup.html).

Next, change your current working directory to be the `fuzz` folder.

### Building

Before fuzzing, you need to build the target with:

```bash
cargo afl build
```

### Fuzzy testing

The recommended way the run tests is with:

```bash
cargo afl fuzz -i in -o out ../target/debug/logos-fuzz
```

Note that it may run for a (very) long time before
it encounter any bug.

## Replaying a Crash

If you happen to find a bug that crashes the program,
you can reply it with

```bash
cargo afl run logos-fuzz < out/default/crashes/crash_file
```

### Reporting a Bug

If you encounter a crash and you feel the error message
is not appropriate,
please report it by opening
[an issue](https://github.com/maciejhirsz/logos/issues/new).
Don't forget to include your crash file so we can later
reproduce it.
````
